brian-carpenter-section-3-nits (#25)
anima-wg/brski-cloud: anima-brski-cloud.md

### Pledge - Cloud Registrar TLS Establishment Details

The pledge MUST use an Implicit Trust Anchor database (see {{EST}}) to authenticate the cloud registrar service.

> The Pledge may be manufactured with pre-loaded trust-anchors that are used to validate the TLS connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make use of a Cloud Registrar, the Pledge MUST be manufactured with pre-loaded trust-anchors that are used to validate the TLS connection.
```

## Cloud Registrar Handles Voucher Request

The cloud registrar must determine pledge ownership.

> if the registrar is unwilling or unable to handle the voucher request, for example it is unable to determinw ownership, then the cloud registrar MUST return a suitable 4xx or 5xx error response to the pledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if the registrar is unwilling or unable to handle the voucher request, for example it is unable to determine ownership, then the cloud registrar MUST return a suitable 4xx or 5xx error response to the pledge.
```

> If the cloud registrar successfully determines ownership, then the registrar SHOULD take one of the following actions:

Reviewer: SHOULD implies an exception. Is there really one?
Same below, SHOULD->MUST?
